houthi fighters in Yemen started
targeting what they say are Israeli link
ships in the Red Sea shortly after
Israel's war on Gaza
began they successfully seized this
Japanese operated cargo ship in late
November having brought it to the houthi
controlled Red Sea port of alalif they
released videos showing the vessel being
used as a tourist attraction its crew
remain unaccounted
for in a vote on Thursday the UN
Security Council demanded their
immediate release the Red Sea is vitally
important for Global Maritime
Transportation currently this critical
shipping grain is in a state of Crisis
once again we strongly demand the hushes
to release the vessel and its crew
immediately and and conditionally early
in December three other vessels were
attacked in the busy bab El mandb straet
the American warship the USS carne
responded to their distress calls and
destroyed several drones it had been
patrolling the Red Sea after the 7th of
October attacks further hthy strikes
followed including on a MK vessel
prompting the shipping giant to
temporarily halt operations in the area
a few days later USS car destroyed
dozens more drones launched from Yemen
at the end of December M kjo issued two
distress calls in as many days after
houy Rebels tried to hijack it US forces
defending the vessel killed at least 10
houthi fighters in the wake of the
attack MK suspended operations in the
area until further
notice the houthis warned the US would
be punished for the deaths and thousands
of yemenis protested in the capital
S the American enemy Bears the
consequences of this crime and its
repercussions its military movements in
the Red Sea to protect Israeli ships
will not prevent Yemen from providing it
religious moral and humanitarian
supports to oppressed
Palestinians on Tuesday the houis
launched their largest attack since the
start of Israel's war on Gaza with the
US and British forces shooting down more
than a dozen missiles and drones camil
NC Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer